`azurerm_network_packet_capture` - support for the `target_type` and `scope` properties (#19385)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/network_packet_capture.html.markdown

* `remote_port` - (Optional) The remote port to be filtered on. Notation: "80" for single port entry."80-85" for range. "80;443;" for multiple entries. Multiple ranges not currently supported. Mixing ranges with multiple entries not currently supported. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `scope` block contains:

> * `exclude` - (Optional) A list of Azure VMSS instance IDs which has to be excluded from Azure VMSS from running Packet Capture. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
> 
> * `include` - (Optional) A list of Azure VMSS instance IDs to run Packet Capture on. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `exclude` - (Optional) A list of Virtual Machine Scale Set instance IDs which should be excluded from running Packet Capture, e.g. `["0", "2"]`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `include` - (Optional) A list of Virtual Machine Scale Set instance IDs which should be included for Packet Capture, e.g. `["1", "3"]`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Updated
